Bugs:

after restarting some values stay the same over saves
mb make a default save (mbe just put in config) with all start values for restart

To DO Before Next Big Update:

armour:
save games with different names enter on save as else last save name except for first save and on load

music:
-music "engine" e.g. location func has a music paramater
-for now only 1 bg track looping

Alnwick:
-Madthrone
-Dunkelland
-End of Mateiga

Stables
Hunting
Enchant Gear
Port
Advanced Classes

v0.27
5. Plan armour
	- Divide				HP/sta	Agi		Def		%s
		- Light armour -	30		60		10
		- Medium armour -	33		34		33
		- Heavy armour -	40		20		40
	- Cosmetic armour - Charisma
	- Different materials give diff lvl mod e.g. wood lvl mod = 1, lvl 1 light wood armour = 0.3 hp/sta, 0.6 Agi, 0.1 Def, lvl 2 light wood armour = 0.6 hp/sta, 1.2 agi, 0.2 Def, and so on
	- Armour res lvl mod:
		Wood = 1
		Iron = 3
		Steel = 6
		Adamantine = 20

6. Add armour

v0.28
7. Add Stables
	- Make time pass in animation while traveling kinda like sleep
8. Add hunting
	- Add waiting thingy like sleep also to the rest of the gather things
9. Add enchanting gear
	- random enchant
	- price is relative to level 
	- can reenchant for 1.5x usual price
	- chance to give no enchant

v0.29
10. Add port
	- For going to Next island (The 1st BIG one)
11. Add Advanced Clases
	- Lvl 20
	- Lvl 45
	- Lvl 75

v0.30
12. Add music in most places
13. Add houses in all cities (make the darkcastle your house after clearing it also)

v0.31
14. save and config not xt but different name e.g. .cof or .sav 
15. More stuff in config
16. New file for tracking stuff across games
17. New file with all base values for reset

v0.32
18. Save game custom names with default as save 
19. version var just in case i need it for save compatibility or some shit
20. start menu with title, new game, load game, tutorial, options, exit
	options - sound volume,

v0.33
21. when items out of duribility remove 1 and reset if any left else if none left set all itemstats to 0
22. Quest List in inventory w/ hints or description


To test:


To add:
perception to see amount of enemies
summon support both good and evil mbe make a refresh func that changes enemies also removes dead ones
make duplicate items add together in invetory e.g. If you have 1x Level 3 Sword of Fire and 1x Level 3 Sword of Fire now you would have 2x Level 3 Sword of Fire(only if the durabilities are the sam aswell)
special skill 1 class based 1 race based 1 selected others gained from doing stuff
weapons - sword 1h and 2h, shield, dagger, hammer, axe, pickaxe, mace, 
abilities gained from stats or skills like search cheap repairs multicast etc
hunger and thirst based on days more extreme in different climate e.g. more thirst in desert more hunger in snow
as you get hungrier you get an exponential stat penalty
add Advanced classes

add save compatibility from v1.0 divide arrays up so that the new values go after all the old ones in the save file
honor score
selling resources and items
buying resources?
skill navigation/pathfinding
map and mapping skill
branching story e.g. if you killed a character instead of saving them you don't get a quest later or have to do a quest differently
get Spells from  magic schools of the correct type
Crafting/Smithing System possible masterwork mbe
add other items
item prefixes
item material modifier
ally ai selector (auto, low hp, highHP, manual)
find better way to test if spells unlocked by number maybe array
tutorial
add potions hp sta and temp boosts for stats
add ascii art accesable in changeLocation
race starting locations differ
big islands unlock small islands and then have to collect smoething from all small islands to unlock next big island
multiplayer trading sytem
orc great hunt start quest
elf learn magic
dwarf smith great weapon
crafting recipies
class quests
race quests
enchanting +n like d&d

Music:
 play music with https://stackoverflow.com/questions/22253074/how-to-play-or-open-mp3-or-wav-sound-file-in-c-program
 music https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLwJjxqYuirCLkq42mGw4XKGQlpZSfxsYd 
 https://youtu.be/ZLIlzVe-3Z8
 https://youtu.be/c6V7DikfQ1E

Maybe:
divide the cities into districts
multiplayer on same computer by saving to a file location name hp and sta
\dot (poison, fire, etc.)
/ Allies in fights (mbe plyr set if atk enemy with most hp or dmg or sta)
| Temporary Boosts (mbe begginer boost based on diff)
| Potion Price Change

Notes / Ideas:
Forest Island (druids, ents, elves etc)
-Goblin Miners Looking For Gold
Ice Island
Skeleton Island
-GrandLich
Mage Island
Boss Island - Volcano / Lava Island
Steal ideas from clash royale and homm
Vulcano Island With Dark Lord (2nd Gen)
make every city give five levels on average in first island so advanced class would be at the very end of it
